# Java code
There are two main files here, the EdgeStorageArrays Class and the GenerateGraphs File which are both used to generate graphs. If you want to generate graphs for yourself, start with the generateGraphs.java File.

## generateGraphs
To generate graphs you can run this code as is as it is already set up with default values. With what is there as it stands, when you run the code the 3 5-graphs will be generated in a readable output that is printed. However, you can increase the number of graphs printed by changing the numVertices variable. The only ones that work currently are 5-8, above or below will either result in no graphs being generated, or the code running for too long. You can uncomment out the different ways of printing graphs or writing to file. Keep in mind that to write to a file you'll need to specify the path in the methods themselves. In addition, the ability to toggle which method is used is right underneath it, with the numbers coresponding to the correct method in the comments above it. If there is any confusion, set it to one for the defualt value. If methodSelector is set to 3 for the ciriculant graphs, make sure to update a and b underneath it if desired. The a and b values are only relevent for circulant graphs and will not alter any of the other methods. Note: a<b<n/2. The output file in JavaCode is from a run from here, and it shows what a potential output can look like
## edgeStorageArrays
This is an array based implementation of edgeStorage, originally it used arraylists, but this version is faster. The original implementation is in Legacy code. This class provides the structure to store a single graph with an array of arrays of arrays. More information can be found in the file itself on how it works and its different methods, but if you're only concerned with running the code you don't need to actually look into it.
