# GraphVisualizations

GraphVisualization stores all of the graph data and visualizations created from running the code. All of the visualizations and txt files came from the java and python code, so if all you're looking for is the outputs, this is where to look! There are 5 main folders of outputs:

## ConnectedGraphs
This stores all of the visualizations from graphs that are connected. In other words, are used to create the ddm labeling. Visualizations for 5-8 vertex graphs are available

## DisconnectedGraphs
This stores all of the visualizations from graphs like connectGraphs, but it includes graphs that have one or more vertices that have a degree of zero. Visualizations for 5-8 graphs are available

## Circulant Graphs
This stores all of the visualizations for the circulant ddm graphs that were generated. At this time, only 6 vertex graphs are included as generating circulant graphs is more computationally expensive than generating ddm labelings. It is to be noted that 5 vertex graphs are proposed to not work for circulant graphs (other than the non-directional graphs) but this still needs to be proven. In addition, The orientations of few of the graphs denote that they are circulant graphs, this is to be fixed soon. Graph #300 is a great example of a circulant labeling though. Finally, while duplicates were filtered for, it is possible there are still some within these visualizations.

## Adjacency Matrix txts
This folder stores all of the txt files for the adjacency matrices for all of the visualizations that were created. These can be plugged into https://graphonline.ru/en/create_graph_by_matrix if you'd like to visualize the graphs yourself

### txt Backups
These are the txt files generated by the java code that are then plugged into the python to visualize the graphs. On their own they are almost unreadable, but I have them here in case anything happens to all of the visualizations


